hello people, beautiful friends today
imitating moonlight every show in the face
hard even because he posted a video
about it today really I avoided're
good tone imitating even excuse
society and I have resolved to
ask you guys what you do to me
every day and I do not accept
answer that it is whether or not I go to
biennial and what days I go yes I
I'll be at the biennial of the book in São
paulo that will happen from day 22 to day
31 The days that I will be is day 22 23 24
and four days of Friday that the
day 22 until the 25th that is the second
market
I have no idea where I'm going.
being will always combine between the
models to stay in one place all
together I know I'll be with
other bloggers there but I do not know the
People are going to be together all the time.
people staying in a secluded place was going to make a
I meet everyone I want
see people anyway I do not know anything about this
there is nothing certain the only thing is that
I go, these days, it's for gluttony.
gluttony by many stands because it has some
specific authors that I want to see
It's not that Sandra Cléa was right here.
which is that despite having a lot of desire
know mainly cassandra eu
I'm not in the mood to face queues
to pick up tickets stay
fights with people at last running
lose shoes in that madness
I not want to go I'm not so
do it just to see cassandra clare
I'm a fan but I'm not at that level.
It's still if you're going
Good luck. For you, go with a lot of faith.
run yourself and cherry photos and ask
autographs and do that, but I
was wandering and for others
stands is I will always be
advertising on twitter
if 3g allow me i'm advertising
on twitter the places where I'm there
biennial
already time in facebook got to take
some photos of where I am too
I'll put it there but it will not depend
of the signal of the 3g is at last that we know
which does not always work, but I
I hope you give and if you want to know if
You're the least who knows our where.
the bruna is now
So, on my twitter, come on facebook.
so the output you enjoy the pages
facebook must follow on twitter if
You want to know these things when
will come to pity
but although I want to visit some
some books of some
authors, I'm going to see more
people than necessarily
buy books I went on biennial
paulo two years ago né
obviously me and no and I bought 20
books like I went there and so are many
great album books you have it all from
free
I went with a friend and it was fun.
very fun but I realized that I
I spent most of the time hunting
books hunting for cheap books
Anyway, it's good you buy a book.
tasty all this is wonderful knows only
that I think I missed a lot of the event
because I spent a lot of time buying
books that were not so cheap
so on the internet so I
could wait a while longer to buy
internet how it works that has until
today that I have not read of the time of the biennial
so I'm going to buy books or
because it is impossible to go there and get out of there
without June
but I'm not going to do it, I'm not going
to go hunting my coaching book
God
but I will not be hunting book everything
How much space, I really want to see.
people the same for you if you me
See there you see I'm running or
So six were on top of me, and me.
I'm going to fall, hugged on the floor, rolling
so because it's going to be really cool to do
I 'm going to take lots of pictures and I'm going to give
markers not without whoever markers
the channel and not win in the draw that
I'm doing what I'm going to do.
vips there it's quite new to take my bookmarks
and everyone who sees me in the biennial and was
there greet me or take a picture only
greetings to me will same mark
of remembrance for you so if you
I want placemarks on the channel to fit
the biennial checho beautiful towed was not
intentional swear
well this video was just to give this
neighbor even I know I had a day there
that there were no jeeps and you charged me and
I explained on facebook page.
also that when the problem of my
job the video was ready but I
could not stop
I'm hoping that this from here
to come back before today's midnight
I brush positive thinking
positive but I'll do my best
so you have seven videos until the end
of the video for you to comment on all
to take a missing I will always be
Speaking because I assumed it there in the
facebook page then if you guys
want in doubt and on facebook page
Are you going to tell me everything?
again speaking do not like the page of the
facebook you short there
so until the next video I hope
that is tomorrow and even